_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
description:

# profile:
#   align: right
#   image: Bo Li-High Res.jpg

news: true
social: true
years: [2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016]
---

Ph.D Student, Computer Science <br/>
Nanyang Technological University, Singapore <br/>
<!-- <a href="assets/pdf/jiaming_cv.pdf" target="_blank"><b>Curriculum Vitae</b></a> -->

---- 
#### About Me

I am a third-year PhD student and luckily advised by [Prof. Ziwei Liu](https://liuziwei7.github.io/). My research focuses on multimodal models and building true intelligence.

<!-- [Feeling the AGI](https://x.com/ilyasut/status/1578238338288402432) and seeing the progress give me a deep passion for what I am doing, driving a commitment not bound by material gain, but by the quiet call of inner beliefs and a true sense of purpose. -->

I am lucky to work with many brilliant researchers in a non-profit research-oriented organization, [LMMs-Lab](https://huggingface.co/lmms-lab), we share the sincere passion for developing multimodal intelligence.

**Email**: drluodian[at]gmail[dot]com

----

##### Selected Publications

<div class="publications">

{% bibliography -f selected_papers %}

</div>

##### Experiences
I have been fortunately  collaborating and doing research at/with

-   Sep. 2020 - Dec. 2021: [Microsoft Research, Shanghai](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/group/shanghai-ai-ml-group/)
    
    Supervised by Dr. [Dongsheng Li](http://recmind.cn/) in the beautiful and relaxing WestBud office, with chill and smart colleagues.

- Oct. 2019 - Aug. 2020 (remote till May 2021): [Berkeley AI Research, CA, USA](https://bair.berkeley.edu/)
    
    Supervised by Prof. [Kurt Keutzer](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~keutzer/)  and Prof. [Sicheng Zhao](https://sites.google.com/view/schzhao), Prof. [Xiangyu Yue](https://www.ie.cuhk.edu.hk/people/xyyue.shtml), Prof. [Shanghang Zhang](https://www.shanghangzhang.com/) and Dr. [Colorado Reed](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cjrd/). Enjoy the weather and front-tier research atmosphere. Go Cal and Roll on your Golden Bears!

- Jan 2020 - Nov 2022: [Dr. Tong Che](https://nvr-avg.github.io/author/gerry-che/), MILA/Nvidia Research

    Great appreciation on guiding me to explore many fascinating ML topics.

- May 2020 - Dec. 2021: [Prof. Han Zhao](https://hanzhaoml.github.io/), UIUC

    Learn to write a paper with machine learning taste.

- May 2018 - Oct. 2019: [DiDi Visual Perception Team, Beijing](https://www.didiglobal.com/science/ailabs)

    First internship and two papers there.

----
##### Professional Services
- **Talk/Technical Sharing**: 
    - Multimodal Models, LMMs-Lab Projects@Jump Trading (2025), Hosted by Weifeng Liu.
    - Guest Lecture: Multimodal Models@UMich 
    - Multimodal Models, LMMs-Lab Projects@TwelveLabs (2024), Hosted by [James Le](https://jameskle.com/)
    - Multimodal Models, LMMs-Lab Projects@Tiktok (2024)
    - Otter & MIMICIT@Alibaba, Damo Academy, Hosted by [Dr. Lidong Bing](https://lidongbing.github.io/), Sep. 2023.
    - Otter & MIMICIT@HITSZ, Hosted by [Prof. Rui Shao](https://rshaojimmy.github.io/), Jul. 2023.

---
- **[Slab@NTU](https://www.mmlab-ntu.com/index.html)**: Cluster Adminstrator (70+ users, 400+ GPUs)

---

- **[The AI Talk](https://theaitalks.org/)**: Organizer

---

- **Conference Reviewer / Program Committee**: 

    - ICCV (2021,2023), NeurIPS (2022), BMVC (2023), AAAI (2023), CVPR (2022,2023), AISTATS (2023), ICML (2023).

    - Workshop: ICLR 2023 (DG)

---

- **Journal Reviewer**: 

    - Pattern Recognition (PR)
    - Transactions on Multimedia (TMM)
    - Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (TPAMI)
    - International Journal of Computer Vision (IJCV)


<!-- **Workshop organization**:
- [NeurIPS 2019 Workshop on Information Theory and Machine Learning](https://sites.google.com/view/itml19/home) (chair)
- [DALI 2018 Workshop on Generative Models and Reinforcement Learning](http://dalimeeting.org/dali2018//program) (chair) -->

----

**Acknowledgements**: this website builds on [al-folio](https://github.com/alshedivat/al-folio) and [Jiaming Song](https://github.com/jiamings/tsong.me).

Commit message:

Update experiences and professional services in about page and documentation
- Added new research experiences at Bytedance Seed Research and Microsoft Research, including details on supervision and projects.
- Enhanced the description of the guest lecture at UMich to include course details and the host's name.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
description:

# profile:
#   align: right
#   image: Bo Li-High Res.jpg

news: true
social: true
years: [2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016]
---

Ph.D Student, Computer Science <br/>
Nanyang Technological University, Singapore <br/>
<!-- <a href="assets/pdf/jiaming_cv.pdf" target="_blank"><b>Curriculum Vitae</b></a> -->

---- 
#### About Me

I am a third-year PhD student and luckily advised by [Prof. Ziwei Liu](https://liuziwei7.github.io/). My research focuses on multimodal models and building true intelligence.

<!-- [Feeling the AGI](https://x.com/ilyasut/status/1578238338288402432) and seeing the progress give me a deep passion for what I am doing, driving a commitment not bound by material gain, but by the quiet call of inner beliefs and a true sense of purpose. -->

I am lucky to work with many brilliant researchers in a non-profit research-oriented organization, [LMMs-Lab](https://huggingface.co/lmms-lab), we share the sincere passion for developing multimodal intelligence.

**Email**: drluodian[at]gmail[dot]com

----

##### Selected Publications

<div class="publications">

{% bibliography -f selected_papers %}

</div>

##### Experiences
I have been fortunately collaborating and doing research at/with

- Dec. 2023 - Aug. 2024: [Bytedance Seed Research, Singapore](https://team.doubao.com/en/)

    Supervised by Dr. [Chunyuan Li](https://chunyuan.li/). Dedicated in building open-source multimodal models.

- Dec. 2022 - Aug. 2023: [Microsoft Research, Redmond](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/lab/microsoft-research-redmond/)

    Supervised by Dr. [Chunyuan Li](https://chunyuan.li/). Great experience on multimodal learning, learned a lot from great teammate [Haotian Liu](https://hliu.cc/) and later participated in the LLaVA Journey.

-   Sep. 2020 - Dec. 2021: [Microsoft Research, Shanghai](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/group/shanghai-ai-ml-group/)
    
    Supervised by Dr. [Dongsheng Li](http://recmind.cn/) in the beautiful and relaxing WestBud office, with chill and smart colleagues.

- Oct. 2019 - Aug. 2020 (remote till May 2021): [Berkeley AI Research, CA, USA](https://bair.berkeley.edu/)
    
    Supervised by Prof. [Kurt Keutzer](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~keutzer/)  and Prof. [Sicheng Zhao](https://sites.google.com/view/schzhao), Prof. [Xiangyu Yue](https://www.ie.cuhk.edu.hk/people/xyyue.shtml), Prof. [Shanghang Zhang](https://www.shanghangzhang.com/) and Dr. [Colorado Reed](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cjrd/). Enjoy the weather and front-tier research atmosphere. Go Cal and Roll on your Golden Bears!

- Jan 2020 - Nov 2022: [Dr. Tong Che](https://nvr-avg.github.io/author/gerry-che/), MILA/Nvidia Research

    Great appreciation on guiding me to explore many fascinating ML topics.

- May 2020 - Dec. 2021: [Prof. Han Zhao](https://hanzhaoml.github.io/), UIUC

    Learn to write a paper with machine learning taste.

- May 2018 - Oct. 2019: [DiDi Visual Perception Team, Beijing](https://www.didiglobal.com/science/ailabs)

    First internship and two papers there.

----
##### Professional Services
- **Talk/Technical Sharing**: 
    - Multimodal Models, LMMs-Lab Projects@Jump Trading (2025), Hosted by Weifeng Liu.
    - Guest Lecture: Multimodal Models@UMich, UM EECS 542: Advanced Topics in Computer Vision, Hosted by [Stella X. Yu](https://web.eecs.umich.edu/~stellayu/index.html)
    - Multimodal Models, LMMs-Lab Projects@TwelveLabs (2024), Hosted by [James Le](https://jameskle.com/)
    - Multimodal Models, LMMs-Lab Projects@Tiktok (2024)
    - Otter & MIMICIT@Alibaba, Damo Academy, Hosted by [Dr. Lidong Bing](https://lidongbing.github.io/), Sep. 2023.
    - Otter & MIMICIT@HITSZ, Hosted by [Prof. Rui Shao](https://rshaojimmy.github.io/), Jul. 2023.

---
- **[Slab@NTU](https://www.mmlab-ntu.com/index.html)**: Cluster Adminstrator (70+ users, 400+ GPUs)

---

- **[The AI Talk](https://theaitalks.org/)**: Organizer

---

- **Conference Reviewer / Program Committee**: 

    - ICCV (2021,2023), NeurIPS (2022), BMVC (2023), AAAI (2023), CVPR (2022,2023), AISTATS (2023), ICML (2023).

    - Workshop: ICLR 2023 (DG)

---

- **Journal Reviewer**: 

    - Pattern Recognition (PR)
    - Transactions on Multimedia (TMM)
    - Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (TPAMI)
    - International Journal of Computer Vision (IJCV)


<!-- **Workshop organization**:
- [NeurIPS 2019 Workshop on Information Theory and Machine Learning](https://sites.google.com/view/itml19/home) (chair)
- [DALI 2018 Workshop on Generative Models and Reinforcement Learning](http://dalimeeting.org/dali2018//program) (chair) -->

----

**Acknowledgements**: this website builds on [al-folio](https://github.com/alshedivat/al-folio) and [Jiaming Song](https://github.com/jiamings/tsong.me).
